NAME: Jeffrey Xu
EMAIL: jeffreyhxu@gmail.com
ID: 404768745

The tarball contains lab1b-client.c, lab1b-server.c, Makefile, and README.

lab1b-client.c is the source code for a program that will open a connection to
a server with port specified by a mandatory --port= parameter and host either
specified by the --host= option or otherwise defaulting to
lnxsrv09.seas.ucla.edu. The program sends input it gets to the server while also
echoing it to the screen. It also echoes output it receives from the server to
the screen. When the server closes, the client closes. In addition, there are
optional --log= and --encrypt= options. The --log= option writes all bytes sent
through the socket or received from the socket to a log file. The --encrypt=
option encrypts all bytes sent and decrypts all bytes received using the first
32 bytes of the specified file as a key for the twofish encryption algorithm.
For proper functionality, the --port= and --encrypt= options should be the same
on both client and server.

lab1b-server.c is the source code for a program that will accept a connection
with port specified by a mandatory --port= parameter. The program takes in input
from the socket and sends it to a shell, in addition to sending an interrupt
when ^C is received. It then takes the output of the shell and sends it back
across the socket to the client. In addition, it also supports the --encrypt=
option, implemented the same way.

Makefile includes the default target as well as client, server, clean, and dist.
The default target builds both the client and the server, while the client and
server targets only build their respective program. The clean target removes
both programs as well as the tarball, and the dist target builds the tarball.

README includes the name, email, and ID of the student who made the project, as
well as a description of the files contained within the tarball.